Gwenevere Abriel: Want a car appointment today.
Magan: Oh no, I'm just sitting out here, I just got home.
Gwenevere Abriel: How was your work day
Magan: It wasn't very good, actually.
Magan: I just had to have a meeting with a boss, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you want to sort of start with
Gwenevere Abriel: One.
Magan: Yeah, we can
Magan: So there is
Magan: An individual that is very close with Sydney at work. She's a newer employee.
Magan: They're very close, very Buddy, buddy. And it's, it feels very much retaliation by proxy, but that's neither here nor there.
Magan: So this young lady keeps
Magan: Asking very personal questions about me and
Magan: Stating inaccurate things to people. And so instead of assuming that that's correct. I asked her a question in the text message. I said, you know, we're not here to. It doesn't matter if we like each other or not. Um, we have a job to do. However, if there is
Magan: If there is issue between us. Perhaps you can bring it to me in the future and just ask me, and I'll be happy to answer it.
Magan: Well, instead of
Magan: doing just that. She went ahead and
Magan: Went to my boss and said that I was being aggressive towards her.
Magan: And
Magan: So my boss asked
Gwenevere Abriel: Josh
Magan: I know this. Chris, you went way up the chain of command.
Magan: So,
Magan: Chris called me into his office and I said, absolutely. Sorry. You know, I don't, I don't like her. I'm not going to sit and pretend like I do, however, I did not mean to make her feel that way, in any way, shape, or form. And I'm happy to apologize about it. So he asked for us to me today.
Magan: Well, yeah. For us meet next Thursday. But yesterday.
Magan: She came in and I'm tucked in my desk. There's no way at all that she could have made contact with me.
Magan: But as she's walking past me
Magan: Just reach her tears up she hits me with her chair and she goes, oops, sorry, and she has like this shit eating grin on her face.
Magan: And I just ignored it. I just let it go. Um, but I asked Chris if he could please have bump up the meeting sooner because I feel like things
Magan: Are escalating. And I want to nip this in the bud.
Magan: So we met today. And she was just extremely, extremely aggressive
Magan: She's one of those individuals that she's very manipulative
Gwenevere Abriel: What's this person.
Extremely
Magan: Stephanie.
Gwenevere Abriel: And who was in the meeting, besides you and Stephanie.
Magan: Me Stephanie and Chris
Magan: And it was an informal meeting. It wasn't a mediation or anything like that. He's trying to nip it where it's at.
Magan: So,
Magan: She starts off the conversation was saying, I think that you're extremely rude you statements us demons, you, you, you.
Magan: Right, you're extremely rude for
Magan: Sending me a message at 12 o'clock at night and saying what you said it's extremely rude and from here on out all communication will be through my supervisor and me through email.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I said,
Magan: Okay, I said that works for me.
Magan: I said, um, well first off message was not intended to be rude, in any way, shape, or form. So I do apologize if it did come up
Magan: Secondly,
Magan: 12 o'clock at night is my daytime. So that's when I'm going to send messages and that's when I'll send emails. Whether you choose to read it or not is entirely up to you.
Magan: Um, but
Magan: Then she said, well, my personal phone number is not
Magan: I gave you my personal phone number. When I first started as a friendly opening
Magan: I said, well, Stephanie I'm
Magan: I'm not here to be your friend. I'm, I'm here to do my job and when your remarks and comments around the our work environment.
Magan: Are affecting me at my job. I'm going to bring it to your attention and that's exactly what I did. I said, You know, I can come up to you in person. And it might seem aggressive
Magan: And the tone of my text message. I apologize if it came off route. However, it was not intended that way, in any way, shape, or form.
Magan: But, you know,
Magan: And then Chris was like, well, who's will then she asked me and she's like, well, who sang all these things. I said, I'm not gonna sit here and give you fuel for the fire.
Magan: I said, the point is is that it doesn't matter if it's true or not, or who saying it or not. I'm bringing it to you. So we can
Magan: Leave it at that. I don't want to assume that other people are correct. I'm letting you know that if you have an issue or question she asked me, asked me, that's exactly what the message said
Magan: And
Magan: She just was like,
Magan: Well, you've asked me personal questions before I said, and you've asked me personal questions before and I've chosen to answer to what I'm comfortable with.
Magan: I was like, this isn't about personal questions. I don't, you know, and the thing is is that she's literally going around content or talking to different people saying things like, I don't understand why making cares if I like her, and
Magan: Things like that.
Magan: And I
Magan: And I don't understand why she's saying that, and she sat there and just blatantly just denied it. And that's more than one person, repeated the exact same statement that she said
Magan: So I just, I didn't, I didn't bring that up. I just stated, you know what
Magan: I'm not here to be your friend. I'm here to have your back in that room. And that's exactly what I said to her in that room I have your back. Professionally I have your six. I'm a team player, and I will work with you. But beyond that, I have no interest in communicating
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you said this same thing last week that part right there. You said that one already. So that's a repeat. Yeah.
Magan: I didn't say to her that I didn't like her.
Magan: I didn't say that.
Magan: Because I thought on it and I didn't want to give her ammunition for future just say, well, she said it in the meeting that she doesn't like me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, yeah. It doesn't belong in the workplace. It's irrelevant. It's irrelevant.
Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So how about the night
Magan: I hope that my boss saw that she was aggressive
Magan: In her mouth out of her mouth was met with aggression, even after I apologize for making her feel like I was rude. It was just met with aggression.
Magan: She was just like a cold fish it she's just she's extremely manipulative and it really bothers me. She reminds me of my mother so much
Magan: Yeah. Um, but aside from that, I just said well from here on out. We will not communicate through messages.
Magan: Um, any communication will be through text or through email with your super with I said I might see seeing your supervisor, because your supervisors Sydney, so I will be seeing Chris and you
Magan: Nice. If I have to communicate with you.
Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then whenever you can just, just say hold on just a minute. And then when you're going to have a conversation just walk into a room where there's someone else.
Magan: And that's what I told Chris, I said I, I didn't approach her in person, because I've had instances where there's not another person there, and it's twisted and turned in something that it's not. And then I'm sitting in a to our investigation.
Magan: And that's what I don't want
That doesn't. I said,
Magan: So I said, perhaps you know my message was misinterpreted and for that I did apologize.
Magan: But, and I turned her and I said, definitely. I don't have any ill will towards you. I don't know. I'm here to do a job. That's what I'm here to do.
Magan: But she was just angry with her little mask on her face was covered. So all I could see was her eyes.
Magan: And it's just so unprofessional. It's like
Magan: I'm just not even going to do this with you and I told Chris at the end.
Magan: Because he asked me to stay because he's like, I'd like to know who's saying this, I said, nobody's saying anything. That's what I'm trying to tell you it's in passing conversation. So I brought it to her attention because I didn't want it to escalate. But it apparently did just that.
Magan: And I said, I'm nobody's bashing. There's no gossiping. Oh, Stephanie said this, I said that's not what's happening.
Magan: And it's escalated to this and I'm sitting here in front of you and to be quite honest, I'm flabbergasted that I'm sitting here that it's at this point. And that's what I told him.
Magan: I said, I apologize for the unprofessionalism
Magan: You know, like, I didn't mean it like that. I said it like I apologize for it, getting to this point. That is what I apologize if my action caused it.
Magan: To get to this point.
Magan: I apologize for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: General
Magan: This was
Magan: This was my intention and this is, unfortunately, how it how it came about and that's all I can do.
Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is back to back two weeks with this woman so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: You're happy with how you handled it right
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Oh, what's, what's wrong with it. What don't you like
Magan: I had some anger in me. I was responding with anger at times but I took some deep breaths.
Magan: Um, unfortunately, I have a very bad habit of showing my emotions on my face.
Gwenevere Abriel: ANGER YOU THINK IT WAS A That was showing. Oh.
Magan: It was fucking straight up anger. I was stuck on shaking, because I was livid but
Gwenevere Abriel: And you think, Chris.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're sure, Chris.
Magan: I think Chris saw maybe frustration with how it was proceeding. And I told him that at the end. I said, I'm just frustrated because I feel like we got nowhere.
Magan: And I was like, I can't communicate with her. If it's just going to be met with aggression. I said, I did and he and then he said, no, I saw that and he said, I, I appreciate that you took the time to apologize. That's what he told me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's like you got the response that you
Gwenevere Abriel: You wanted. He could see that you were open and flexible. You weren't rigid you shared you named. What was on your face. You called it frustration. It was kind of a felt unproductive piece and he saw her aggression.
Magan: Oh, he saw it.
Magan: And I said it at the end. I was like, it's really hard to feel like we got anywhere. When I'm being met with aggression.
Magan: So, and, and he was like, Yes, I saw that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what
Magan: And then he brought up. Thank you for apologizing. So he didn't notice that I tried
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Magan: Man, that's what I was hoping he would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's a win so walk away from this as a when
Gwenevere Abriel: We, you know what I mean we're unlikely. I mean, at this point, maybe six months maybe sometime from now, you'll have these encounters with people and maybe you won't be mad. You'll feel more like
Gwenevere Abriel: A it'll be labeled like I'm excited. I know exactly what's going on. It'll shift. Maybe the meeting, but that intensity
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll transform you. Look how much progress you've made Megan. I remember the first job, you had, you had to go sit in front of that boss, we were working the the tactile of being able to feel a seam on on on on a shirt in order to get through it, you are making profound progress. Okay.
Magan: I'm just, I'm disappointed in myself because
Magan: Because it feels like
Magan: I don't, I
Magan: I I've always had a problem with getting along with females. Okay.
Magan: I don't trust them.
Magan: And
Magan: It feels like
Magan: I'm hated
Magan: It feels like it felt like fucking third grade in there.
Magan: That's exactly what it felt like. And it felt like
Magan: Bullying. It felt like
Magan: Girl fight it felt like
Magan: Petty
Magan: Bullshit. But it reminded me so much of
Magan: It's like it's a fucking constant repeat for me, Glenn and that's the problem is that
Magan: I can't make friends and I can't
Magan: Even when I tried to be good and I try to
Magan: Be kind.
Magan: It's like people find that attractive or maybe
Magan: Annoying
Magan: The, the questions that I asked, they find it annoying that I'm nice they find it annoying perhaps
Magan: My intelligence. At times I have noticed that they people find that annoying or maybe arrogant. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Complicated third grade behavior. That's what this Stephanie bringing her personal story and just trying to play it out. She's got someone in her life that you
Gwenevere Abriel: She's trying to work it out with you. So you're a mother, you're, you're, her mother. Your whatever she's got some okay everybody's doing it. We all are all gets played out at work or in our marriage, or both.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is the part you're you're fortunate. You're in therapy, you've got someone who can see all you gotta do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is get clearer and clearer and clearer. Ah, you know what, Stephanie.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that I do or say that's getting in the way of of work for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see what I just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: See it, I already owned it. I didn't have to apologize. I just straight up may her say so watch Stephanie Oh it
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what I'm doing or saying that's getting in the way of your work productivity, because we're here to all do a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know maybe afterwards, I can talk about how some of the things that that are happening between us might be getting in the way of my productivity.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can kind of resolve them in here in this office today and let's move forward. For a start, what am I doing this getting in the way of your productivity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, you basically just owned it. Well, you did a lot of things without saying sorry you calmly.
Gwenevere Abriel: steer the conversation. And guess what you did you put it flatly on her shoulders for her to answer to that you already basically said I must be doing something. Let's name it and it's affecting your work performance brings attention to
Gwenevere Abriel: Chris who might be thinking, yeah, it is actually perfecting. This is taking a lot of time. This is unproductive. So you've done a lot of things. So then she says what to that if you were to say that to her right in front of Chris
Magan: I don't know, because I wish I really wish that I would have said that
Magan: When I listen. Listen, there's gonna be more least Stephanie's. Remember I told you that other than the break room and the other job they're going to more of these Stephanie's it's going to be this third rate experience over and over and over and over and over and over and over, but you
Gwenevere Abriel: won't feel like that anymore. It's going to change. These are things to memorize how did, how did I come up with that phrase I learned it. You think I knew this. I didn't know this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it now and and passing it along.
Magan: But that's the thing when it's like nothing that I did was had anything to do with work. It was actually done on
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. Watch. That's what's about to happen. Guess what she's gonna do
Gwenevere Abriel: He's gonna have
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be quiet, isn't it, watch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch it. Watch it one more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, Stephanie. We're all meeting here today, and there's something I'm doing her
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But in the way of productivity. What are those things that I'm doing and saying that are getting in the way of your work productivity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you're so mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I know my intentions are good. I know that what I've been doing. I know my motivation, what was perceived as mean
Gwenevere Abriel: You send me tested.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did that get in the way of your work productivity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I was thinking about it and thinking about thinking about it.
Magan: Well, she said it's 12 o'clock at night and it woke me up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on, it woke you up. Ah, I'm so it's the big request. If I could change something, it would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Is to think about your work schedule. So you would be better if I process. Wait, processed it and and and if I were to send a message, email or text that I thought about and I knew somehow your work schedule and only send it during your work hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't normally do that, I guess because of what's going on right now. I can maybe, could you tell me what your work schedule is this coming week
Gwenevere Abriel: But at this point, it sounds like we already have it resolved with our email plan and and then we have a choice to read an email or we don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I do apologize for that. Is there anything else, what else is getting in the way. So it was that eat it was the timing of that text I did it on my work schedule kind of thought, you know, most I did.
Magan: Say that
Gwenevere Abriel: When we're sleeping, we kind of put it on. Do Not Disturb. I apologize. Sorry about that. Stephanie, what else, what else is getting in the way of your work productivity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well here's just some nasty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me about how I come across nasty. Am I doing it right now. Is it is it is it happening right now. Well, yeah. You're just so angry.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't feel angry. I'm frustrated because I'm trying to understand how my productivity hasn't really been disrupted. I'm working. I'm doing my thing. But we're here. This is interrupting us meeting and I really want to get to the core issue. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I can change the way I'm talking I'm I'm frustrated. Let me see if I can shift. So I don't know what she's gonna say, but I'm in charge. Do you notice that
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have that in you you have it, it's there. You've got the same thing that I just role played she
Gwenevere Abriel: Is used to being a bully and what she does is she emotionally hijacks people she goes around. She finds the sensitive ones you're one of them, and she got you. And she's going to bully you with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't have to accept it, but she's not expecting is that you are ready and you know how to turn it around. So it's a
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's interesting. Stephanie. We're talking a lot about feelings and emotions and assets and things like that. Um, it could very well be that
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, you have to know your population right resting bitch face thing like you know i don't know how much humor is in your workplace. A lot of places have lots of humor. And it's like, I have one of those faces. A lot of people misinterpret it
Gwenevere Abriel: Hahaha. But if that's not actually going on. You're more than welcome to ask me if I'm upset or something. But honestly, from now on, just assume if I don't say anything, we're good. I'm here to do a job and
Gwenevere Abriel: Frankly, I mean aside from kind of these meetings kind of take up some time and that have been to my chair didn't quite understand that felt hostile. I'm not saying to bring that up but so yeah it's. See how I'm I'm talking. I'm, I'm in charge. I'm in charge. I'm in charge.
Gwenevere Abriel: You bring it back to the role of work over and over and over and over. I can kind of get that if you and I were buds and hanging out, we'd be talking about these kind of feelings, but you and I don't have this sort of social space just assume that
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a professional relationship with you on enjoying a professional relationship with ship with you and I want to continue it. And if it's about my affect my face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just you can either ask if you want to but just assume I'm good unless I bring something up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Using this word professional relationship five times in conversation.
Magan: I used it twice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once the testing what happened when you use that phrase with her and and Chris Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of silent. Uh huh. Nice.
Magan: And then, Chris.
Magan: Said it he said like Megan said
Magan: Oh, here to do a job.
Yeah.
Magan: He was like, like making we're here to do a job. We don't need to be friends. Not everybody likes each other, but we are here to do a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you had done. And you were saying you were maybe it already happened. I think it already happened. But you're giving yourself a hard time I think unduly
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you um you know me, I'll give you everything I got all I can think is if you knew in your heart of hearts that you were there basically to as if you are a manager to you and Chris, are there to address Stephanie's concerns, you know, Chris.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you and I were kind of talking about that professional relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stephanie I'm enjoying my professional relationship with you. I like how we do this and this and this together. Seems like that works pretty well. I want to continue along those lines. Can you see anything kind of looking ahead to see what might get in the way of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you wait
Gwenevere Abriel: When you put it on. This is the same thing we do when we manage up to, we put it on someone's shoulders. You want to get it off of yours is quickly because this has something to do with you. It's not your responsibility. Anyway, so the artists to just
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it on to ask her a question. Did you even ask her a question in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's because you don't say boss, you are the boss. You're it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You haven't quite gotten there yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can ask her.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're sitting there with her right so i think probably what happens is that that anger kind of hijack see a little bit. And so it's harder to to keep the chill and to see your own strength.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can feel the anger instead of turning that into the badass energy. Oh my gosh. Actually, I have nothing to defend
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look at and this is going to exaggeration, how pathetic. This is let's let's try and help this Poor lamb. Let's just see what we can do here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Stephanie, obviously this has reached the point because here we are we're including Chris here. So let's make the most out of it. What am I doing, see if you can really tell me what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's something I look like something I say how I stand kind of the way I phrase things that gets in the way of your accomplishing a work task.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay you asking it. You may be the smartest person in the room over and over again. And I'm sorry, that's the burden of being an intelligent person that's the burden.
Gwenevere Abriel: But he was it Chris is going to be thrilled. You're doing his job for him. He has no clue what to do with with two women that are talking about feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: He just wanted to stop.
Magan: Just please. Essentially what he said. He's like, I just
Magan: Want it
Gwenevere Abriel: Done. Get your frickin work done. Am I right.
Magan: Right, yes, that's exactly. Essentially what he said.
Magan: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You make it easy when you when you do the work for you or an ally.
Gwenevere Abriel: YouTube
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know, it's this this this complaining person over
Gwenevere Abriel: Like working out.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you did great. You're great. Last time and you great this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's it's maybe just sort of rehearsing and memorizing some of those lines they apply so broadly to so many situations over and over and over.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really like our professional relationship and even reinforcing the one with Chris at the end. Boy, I really like how you and I work together to kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Get clear about what we're doing and keeping this a professional place and having it not disrupted by my things that really kind of don't belong in the workplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, see how your ear aligned with Chris on that you put yourself there.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So once that you're disappointed still in yourself.
Magan: I just
Magan: I have a hard time I harp on shit and i i keep replaying it in my brain. And this is what bothers me about me and this is what everything not just this but
Magan: You know, like should have could have what is constantly running through my head and I replayed the event in my head and I focus my focus and I hone in on it and it literally consumes me and it's not healthy, in any way, shape, or form. But I do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of like an analogy, and I won't be able to do it quietly beautifully as this astronaut, but there's some Trevor Noah was interviewing an astronaut.
Gwenevere Abriel: A female and so two females go out and they do the crazy like 12 hours or something insane. They're working outside freaking out in space, like what anyway so they're out there, they're doing that. And she's back on Earth and
Gwenevere Abriel: He's kind of like
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, welcome back to the virus and more isolation, you're out there in space. And now you basically don't talk to anybody either
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and so there was this obviously Trevor noise light and it's fluffy and it's playful. But there's also some truth in there. And so this astronaut was she would say, well, I would be up there. And I'd be thinking what I miss about being on Earth and
Gwenevere Abriel: And she said, I'd stop. I would stop. She used a phrase I don't know what she did.
Gwenevere Abriel: But basically I would stop repeating that thought. And she would say I would keep repeating man. I'm going to miss the Aurora missing and they showed this beautiful coloring, man. I'm going to miss this. When I'm back on Earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's so beautiful to be able to see this and this and what she did was turn her attention to repeating something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that is what to do. You just have to put the effort into turning your attention away from shoulda coulda woulda
Gwenevere Abriel: What is an over here to I'm looking forward to the next opportunity that I can practice, what, what's that phrase I want to practice with when my better repeated 100 times. I'm going to forget it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you spend your time preparing for the next time and how exciting. I'm looking forward to. It's going to go well.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to go, well, it's going to sound like this is sounding the fields coming to sound design. I'm going to repeat it out loud. How about, well, my shoulders. How am I standing
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I have a half smile in my head tilted and I'm nodding like I care and have to actually care because I've been in the position of her. Okay, I gotta show I care. You could spend all of that mental energy over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: The psychology of it though. Megan is
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in the habit of doing this stuff of reflecting about what you could have done differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of practicing what you're going to do differently.
Magan: Oh yes, absolutely. Absolutely. And I, I let it, eat it. Me.
Magan: I I have so many memories in my head of
Magan: Different events.
Magan: From my childhood from my adolescence from adulthood, where I'm like, God, I'm embarrassed of that I shouldn't have done that and it just intrusively comes into my brain.
Magan: It just comes out of nowhere like I'm not even actively thinking about that event.
Magan: But it comes into my head.
Magan: And it reminds me of shame or it reminds me of embarrassment or reminds me of anger, or sadness, whatever it is. I'm reoccurring that feeling over again. Right.
Magan: And it's like,
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you going to do with it. So what you do is you welcome that guest in
Gwenevere Abriel: That unexpected guest comes in and you sit there and you talk with it and talk with it and talk with it and talk with it. And listen, listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you can decide what the conversation is going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Focused on new skills and what you're going to do in the future. Just it literally is. That's why I thought stopping is a real technique just swatted away. Thanks for sharing. But Shane and punitive threats do not help me learn
Gwenevere Abriel: They didn't help me learn
Gwenevere Abriel: lessons in the past. I was completely flooded with emotions are not going to help me learn. Now, you won't learn you won't learn from punitive discipline and that's what you're doing inside your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: We learn by feeling like there's something like a carrot out there. Something good that's going to come our way. It's worth my while to practice this to learn this.
Gwenevere Abriel: stop beating yourself up, just stop it as soon as it comes. Thanks for sharing. You got me this far, use that one. Thanks for sharing. I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Skill I need right now that I want to practice in the future is this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is, do you have any question about how to do that.
Magan: In the moment. Oh, I mean, I totally got
Magan: What you're saying
Magan: I just have to practice it. I have to practice it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get something Megan out of it you over the years. We all do this. We don't do things for nothing, you were getting getting something out of the penance, you were putting yourself through all of that. Look what a look how you embarrass yourself. Oh, you, you say,
Magan: Yes, and that's exactly what I do. God, you're so pathetic. Oh, you're so weak. Oh, you're so stupid.
Magan: Over and over and over.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: You wouldn't you wouldn't do that to your kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the parent model you have inside your head. It's outdated. It didn't work to begin with.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not saying this is easy. Your it'll take effort.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will take on that that protective nurturing one
Gwenevere Abriel: Of those figures just bring them into my awareness. There's a one press that natural intrusive thoughts that comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just because it comes natural. Doesn't mean it is the high wish I could remember this phrase right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's something like our instinct isn't although it keeps us safe is not mentally healthy. I know those seem like paradoxical things, but the very thing that keeps me alive, doesn't mean it helps my mental health. It just keeps me alive, but when
Magan: It's completely draining actually
Gwenevere Abriel: It's completely drowning.
Gwenevere Abriel: But yes, this will take effort, and I'm going to tell you, I think you're gonna like the outcome, you're not going to
Magan: Go to
Gwenevere Abriel: So you spend all that time woulda coulda shutting
Magan: It. I just have to think of something that
Magan: I can replace it with
Gwenevere Abriel: So what are you hearing here that could work or your own practice that would work.
Magan: Well,
Magan: Like when we did em Dr last week.
Magan: That one took a toll. And that one's been fucking with me.
Magan: I've been constantly thinking about burning myself.
Magan: And
Magan: And instead of doing it.
Magan: All start thinking about something else. So I'm doing it with this, but I have to figure out how to do it with the memories.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're
Magan: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you're doing it like with the notes when a note would come up in your awareness.
Magan: For well
Magan: I just I got no no no. So like
Magan: I last week. Damn. Dr. It just, it just took a toll and
Magan: That word keeps coming up. Okay. And when it comes up, I want to burn
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Magan: I just want to sizzle it away. I just, I want to watch my flesh.
Magan: And I want to feel the sting of that rather than pay attention to that word or hear that word or hear that song. And every time it comes up. I'm like,
Magan: And I'm thinking of it, but I'm not doing it. I'm trying to stop myself from actually doing the action of burning myself so I'm stopping that but I can't stop the process of these memories that are intruding
Magan: Okay, by stopping by.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do instead of burning
Magan: I'm DISTRACTING MYSELF. WHAT
Magan: Um, I started writing
Okay.
Magan: Well, I started writing because you said to just put down a thought.
Magan: Or say the thing that you want to say, and just put it on paper and let it go or not let it go. But just put it somewhere else. So I did that.
Magan: But I've been sketching actually
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how we don't have to get really complex if this is working. If sketching is working. If we take
Gwenevere Abriel: I want this psychological distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: To not be focused on if I focus on physical pain of burning. I won't have to be preoccupied with the psychological distress you see right that's typically what that that burning thinking do and it sizzles. The other piece of ways this is so much more distracting this physical pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what you did was you did some sketching right and some writing you right wrote some words down do both.
Magan: Yeah, because, but it wasn't to stop the word. It was to stop myself from actually going through the action of burning myself.
Magan: Because I have far too many scars on my body and I really don't want my kids to see them and
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you think this same. This is a skill. This is a distraction. But the writing and sketching is a whole lot more than just distraction.
Magan: This is something new for me because i don't i wouldn't just fucking sizzled I would have done it right away.
Magan: So then the song. It keeps coming back in my head, and it's it's bothering me.
Magan: A lot and
Magan: I just don't want to burn myself because I don't want my kids to see it and
Magan: I feel, you know, and when Andrew sees it.
Magan: He's Oh, his responses.
Magan: Too much and
Magan: It's just too much and
Magan: It feels good to burn, though, Glenn.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know does
Magan: And it's not cutting it's burning like I hate the fucking piece of metal up and I lay it on my skin and that becomes my focus and I don't want it to be.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will tell you. So before we go too far. There's, there's three things in here. There's burning, we have something that works. Let's not forget it, it's writing words down and it's sketching.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where we started before that was what to how, how do I not ruminate over woulda coulda shoulda and then
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not what I was trying to do is get you to say use the same writing and sketching instead of woulda coulda shoulda. Oh, I'm a, I'm a, what do you call it, what's the worst thing you call yourself when you were to go to show that I'm what
Magan: I'm pathetic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so pathetic. Okay, so empathetic. So that's the one you say
Gwenevere Abriel: If I sit here in that label downward spiral. I won't want to feel it. I will feel like I this is intolerable. It literally cannot be an option, you do not continue to give evidence to the word pathetic. Then you just do some writing
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you gonna go
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you going to sketch
Magan: I've been
Magan: I've been doing the writing because I I wrote something to my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Magan: I said, I said I practice. So I'm trying, I'm doing all these little exercises that we're going over. I'm trying to implement them in my life.
Magan: So all of this stuff is all happening at one time. That's the thing. So the writing.
Magan: Was what I wanted to say to my mom, I told her that part that we discussed, I said.
Magan: I told you on your deathbed that I forgave you. What I really didn't I lie to you and I liked myself and I wrote it down. And that's sitting on a piece of paper in this notebook right next to me but I wrote it down.
Magan: To put it somewhere else, just to try it.
Okay.
Magan: So I did start one of the exercises that he said try. So that's what I did for that. But when that word comes up and I want to burn
Magan: I pick up a pencil and I, I'm trying to draw that's I'm trying. Right now, or I start fidgeting with piece of fabric or I'll smell my pillow or something. I'm just, I'm actively the word still replaying I'm ruminating but I don't want to burn. That's what I'm focusing on not doing
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Next time you want to do a sketch. I'm going to show you a little art therapy technique here, see if I can get a piece of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: My sketch stuff in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean you don't have any have any paper in there with you now.
Magan: Grab a pencil.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even better with
Magan: A pencil.
Gwenevere Abriel: Marker like let me show you what I'm going to do.
Magan: Oh, I have a black marker.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm gonna do, I'm going to take my paper make a horizontal landscape. I'm going to put a box and inside that box.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is all
Gwenevere Abriel: My trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to show you mine unless you don't want to. And you want to have your own experience without having it tainted by mine.
Magan: No, no, I want you to show me because I don't know what you mean.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is me this whole piece of papers, me and my trauma, the notes the sound that everything all of the yuck is encapsulated only in this space.
Gwenevere Abriel: The rest of me is all in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, see what you put in your
Gwenevere Abriel: Black box.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see.
What does it look like when it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Magan: So then there's word and then I scratched him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you got a word in there and he scratched it and you've got it looks like a note in there too.
Magan: Yeah, this stupid and dumb.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what else do you need to put in there what came up. So I'm going to give you a few things put something in there and that represents a part of anger that you don't like, like part you didn't like when you were sitting with Chris and Stephanie, real quick, just put that in there.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then let's put in
Gwenevere Abriel: Pathetic.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's not already there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Outside that space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really get a sense of whether the
Gwenevere Abriel: The structure of the square is exactly enough to keep it contained in there. Make sure it's exactly what you need. I noticed for me I needed to make mine thicker.
Gwenevere Abriel: I made my really sick to make sure nothing could get our and I noticed I needed to do that for mine was really important to me that it'd be off to the side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pay attention to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just that vastness of this negative space that's out there that's that's the rest of you, and that the trauma can be contained just in black box for
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless you call your something else. What do you call yours.
Magan: It it
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Already
Magan: It. Yeah.
Magan: Yeah, but it feels, it feels centered
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Yeah.
Magan: It does it feel centered and it feels big to me. Um,
Magan: And I put these
Magan: Well, they look like
Magan: They're like zigzags around
Magan: THE CORNER Around them, but it's kind of like offense.
Magan: Okay, I got like barbed wire.
What
Magan: Is that kid. It feels very centered to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it's centered. I see that too. It's a kind of in center your page.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the barbed wire. Try to catch your first response is that to keep stuff away from going in.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the it
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it
Magan: Look like
Magan: It, it's the barbed wire is
Magan: It feels both like I'm trying to protect the stuff on the outside from seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but
Magan: But
Magan: But I, but I know it's there.
Magan: It doesn't feel like I'm trying to protect myself from it.
Magan: So worth it from myself. It feels like I'm trying to protect myself from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So go further out from the barbed wire and see if you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have other aspects of yourself, or if you are only your trauma. Notice if you want some other representation of you symbolized in a sketch in that negative space.
Magan: Right here, I have mom. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Magan: And I have dispatcher headset.
Gwenevere Abriel: And mom and then two kids.
Magan: And there's a heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I see it right there off to the right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dispatch your headset as well.
Magan: And maybe
Magan: paintbrush an artist.
Magan: That's all I have so far.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let your audience gaze between that corner mom heart kids and the and the box and just moving back and forth. Just let your eyes gaze back and forth and sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Just get a sense of presence together.
Gwenevere Abriel: The distance proximity
Gwenevere Abriel: It's paying attention to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something comes up, let me know.
Magan: Well, I noticed that
Magan: They're all separated actually quite a lot in the open space outside of the bark box.
Magan: Outside of it bark box.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, bark box.
Magan: Barbed box.
Magan: Mom is where I started, because that's where it started.
Magan: That's where it started for me.
Magan: I'm
Magan: And
Magan: It followed with dispatching but dispatching I have it separated from mom. So that's something I want
Magan: spilling out into
Magan: My mom place.
Magan: And I have my art as my third thing. And I think that's invalid because that's something that I found more recently.
Magan: And it is separated from mom and dispatcher because when I'm painting. I actually really want to be left alone.
Magan: Because that
Magan: That's my time to just
Magan: Feel
Magan: Or not feel, actually it's I don't feel I just paint and I focus on my
Magan: Details and I have such control such control when I'm painting.
Magan: Um,
Magan: I can
Magan: I can put that extra line there, and it doesn't mean anything. I can add this color because I think it's beautiful, but the kids need to stay out of the garage and leave me alone. I know they want to paint with me but
Magan: That's my time.
Magan: But all of it. I noticed is separate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Magan: And the art is closest to the BB box.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I wrote that, too. I drew kind of what you drew just to kind of get a feel for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Magan: Bark box.
Magan: Think that because
Magan: When I paint.
Magan: I tried to escape what's inside of that box.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's as we come to the top of the hour. Megan. Let's use what you have, let's use this. Let's make sure you have the supplies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure you're protecting that time that you're doing it on a regular basis. It doesn't have to be in dire straits when you can't take it anymore. You have to escape. It can be a routine part of self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Care enjoyment. It doesn't have to just be at that final hour before he may be can't take it anymore. Really just saying I need to have this half hour, even if it's a little bit or whatever the timing is
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's also not only on a regular basis. But when you start to have
Gwenevere Abriel: Come potion that impulse to want to burn
Magan: When you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are action.
Gwenevere Abriel: sketching and drawing and writing the words was working as a distraction for
Magan: Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be pretty important to keeping sketch pads in your car, keeping them bedside keeping them in a lot of different places.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe if you keep them out of kids hands apply, then you'll have some that haven't been sort of played with yet. But do you see how you've already got something pretty good in place here.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's from
Magan: To sketch on those intrusive thoughts happen.
Magan: Focus on that.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: But the question kind of comes down to, you can either be getting deeper into that negative thinking
Magan: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: My invitation is not because that reinforces sort of that. I don't know if maybe you could do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe the sketch is putting it containing it in a box maybe somehow having it really contained, much like what we did here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the rest of it is, is you and drawing those beautiful things all around it. But this history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right is smaller and smaller, and it's contained and it's further and further off in a way, or maybe your relationship with it will change. I don't know. I think it'll start to evolve over time, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pay attention to how your sketches change. Is it always going to be in the center. What, what did the kids think of it being in the center, but uh you as mom thinking to being the center. What are you as dispatcher
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it taking up more space than you're sketching and painting then is, is the heart so small and this trauma so big.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at the relationship just paying attention to it. Does it stay that way. In the next drawing and what does it feel like to draw that smaller but maybe what's in there is more specific just really getting into it a little like coming at it from those kind of ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now what came up was it central and it's a pretty big. It's the biggest figure in there.
Magan: At it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how will it feel for you if you sketch it differently box a bark box.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just play wonder what it would feel like if it was here. What if it was smaller, what happens to the heart. What happens to Mom, what happens to my kids. What happens to dispatch. What happens to painting. There's more room for it. I don't know. Let's see what happens with it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm really glad you're not burning because obviously I don't want you to to hurt your skin. We're only kind of set with with this one body.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this stuff we're talking about this can change. We can change our relationship with that bar to box.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if it needs some more to keep the mom, the kids dispatch painting it being affected, maybe the bar needs to be longer bigger sharper needed it needs more to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's about keeping that stuff in there. Maybe it isn't. Maybe it's about a door, you have a key and we can take out each one and we can say, Actually, I don't even want you to hear anymore and you I want gone forever. I don't know. But keep keep with that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see. Let's see how that evolves, but I love, I love what you already have. You have this this ability to use this painting and and if you can't get to paint right away, flip a piece of paper over and sketch
Magan: Like, I will give it a focus
Gwenevere Abriel: And and we're out of time, but I have been thinking a lot about
Gwenevere Abriel: The actual notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have been thinking a lot about it and I'm trying my best to come up with some sort of specific technique.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it may evolve from you, you may end up you know may come from these things of, you know, having it sizzle away and we'll come up with a way
Gwenevere Abriel: Each note will transform or maybe it'll turn into something else. I don't really know. I'm open, but I've certainly been giving it some thought because you've gotta
Magan: Go. Bye.
Yeah.
Magan: So we can we can delve into that next week. If you're okay with it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool, so eight o'clock on April 24
Magan: I will be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll see you then.
Magan: Thank you. Have a good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You too. Bye.
Magan: Bye bye.